Rules

Salt and Pepper are ingredients so when a user is recipe searching there must be a checkbox
that is pre-checked (can be over-written in settings) which says include salt and pepper by default.

There must be a rule that allows a user to allow recipes that contain ingredients they do not have.
"Would you like to include recipes that require additional ingredients?".
By default this will be unchecked however it can be over-written in settings.


User Panel
Area called pantry.
This area allows people to update ingredients they already have at home.
For example, a user can add plain flour, spices they have, coconut milk etc.

Ability for pantry to self update must be included and a central focus.
For example if a user says they have 4 eggs but they select a recipe that requires 3 eggs.
Pantry will auto update to 1 egg.

Syncing is very very important here BUT it needs to be optional and the control for this is absolute.
If a user says they cooked a recipe when they didnt the pantry will still auto update.
Possible to maybe look at manual action to update pantry?


Settings
include_salt_and_pepper_as_ingredients
show_recipes_that_required_additional_ingredients


Membership levels
This is the backbone of the idea, the money-maker.
There should be 3 levels of memebership.

Basic
Intermiediate
advanced

naming convetion to come.

On a basic package a user can search recipes based on ingredients

On an intermediate package a user has all basic functionality plus shopping list capability

On a advanced package a user has all intermediate plus advanced.

pricing is aimed to get all people to sign up as advanced users.

paid for monthly, rolling contracts, quit anytime

Basic - £2.99
Intermidiate - £3.99
Advanced - £5.99

this needs serious thought.

Shopping list generation needs to be complex in the sense a user can...
Choose a budget friendly option
High Quality option
Medium option.


So How does it all work.


User
UserPantry
Ingredient
UserPantry<->Ingredient (pivot with measurements ALWAYS METRIC and category)

